Added
-----

* In the past the maximum upload size for PHP was chaos. We now guarantee 500 megabytes everywhere.
* We now ship Python 3. You can choose from interpreter versions 3.4, 3.5, as well as 3.6.
* We now provide midnight commander.
* Following security best practices, we now set a number of HTTP headers.

Fixed
-----

* The version system did not respect the selected version, when executed with ``nice`` or within a cronjob. To fix this, we no longer modify the ``$PATH``, but instead use wrapper scripts.
* To comply with German privacy regulations all IP addresses within user-accessible webserver logs are now shortened.
* As to not unnecessarily leak software versions, we now remove the ``X-Powered-By`` header from all HTTP responses.
* To prevent unexpected behaviour, mice are now banned from using nano. 🐭🚫

Backstage
---------

* We've upgraded all ``uberspace-`` scripts to [paternoster v2](github.com/uberspace/paternoster).
* Since ``te512042.019e71729061e1f03aef698f89da225d00559bbd-1310.testing.ubrspc.de`` is not a very handy hostname, we now use shorter ones like ``565743.vagrant.ubrspc.de`` within our testing setup.
* Nginx rightly complained about a duplicated MIME type in our config. We learned that ``text/html`` is implied, so we no longer add it to the list of gzip-able files explictly.
* A `bug within vagrant-google <https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant-google/issues/159>`_ caused our workflows to be a bit cumbersome. So we `fixed it <https://github.com/mitchellh/vagrant-google/pull/167>`_.
* An oversight caused us to issue certificates with non-unique serial numbers during testing. While those certificates never reached production, they're more random now.
