Added
-----

* 🎉 `Public Beta! <https://blog.uberspace.de/wip-die-u7-public-beta/>`_ 🎉
* The Dashboard can now talk to the Uberspace 7 servers, create users, delete users and change passwords.
* We now provide ``lynx``, ``w3m`` and ``bind-utils``.
* New PHP extensions: ``soap`` and ``posix``, ``shmop``, ``sysvmsg``, ``sysvsem`` and ``sysvshm``.

Changed
-------

* We increased the maximum concurrent webserver connections from each IP address to 15 with a burst of 150 for a short period to be within the `HTTP/2 <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39759054/how-many-concurrent-requests-should-we-multiplex-in-http-2/39761194#39761194>`_ specification.
* The webmail interface used to be reachable via ``webmail.servername.uberspace.de`` and we got the certificates from Let's Encrypt. Unfortunatelly we ran into the `rate limiting <https://letsencrypt.org/docs/rate-limits/>`_ and can't get any certificates for ``uberspace.de`` anymore. For now we had to disable the webmail interface and we will look into the issus to find a workaround. On the bright side we had to refactor the certificate deployment process and so far it's rock solid 💪😎.
* We did some work on the manual: 💄

Fixed
-----

* Composer sees that ``/bin/php`` is a symlink and directly calls the symlink target instead of ``/bin/php``. The result was that our wrapper doesn't know it's supposed to execute php. Using a hardlink instead of a symlink fixed it.
* ``something.uber.space`` can't be added via ``uberspace-add-domain`` anymore.
* HTTP basic auth headers are now passed to PHP.
* Adding a domain to the email configuration didn't trigger a qmail reload. 
