✈

Added
-----

* support for Sieve, documentation and announcement will follow.
* rrdtool

Fixed
-----

* Modification time of files in `~/etc/certificates` now reflects the time the
  certificate was generated, instead of the current time +/- 1 minute, which was
  a bit useless.
* The number of simultaneous SMTP connections is now limited, closing an easy
  but harmless DoS vector. Additionally, we added more SMTP connection slots.

Changed
-------

* New accounts now come with an `index.html` explaining how to upload content,
  replacing the 403 Forbidden page that was shown in the past.
* Web Backends now serve their content at both `/etherpad` and `/etherpad/`,
  partly reverting the change made in 7.7.6 because of incompatibility with
  web socket libraries.
* Web Backends can now report a custom `Server:` HTTP response header, which is
  passed to the client. By default, the server responds `Server: nginx`
  like before.
* supervisord is now version 4.2.1

Internal
--------

* In the past we used two mechanisms to deploy the primary TLS certificate:
  prepared (put in a bought one) and self-signed (generate one on demand). The
  former was used for production, the latter for our automatic tests. This
  caused the production code path only being tested in... production, which is
  bad. We changed this to always use "prepared" and removed all of the "self-
  signed" code.
* We removed the java installation that was active before 7.7.0
* General cleanup in our repository removing a total of 800 lines of dead code.
