Added
-----

* updated Java 15
* updated Dovecot to 2.3
* each users CPU usage is now limited to 6 cores, improving stability.
* ``pecl-mailparse``
* HEIC support for ImageMagick 6, and by extension PHP

Changed
-------

* recommended SPF record is now ``include:spf.uberspace.de`` so we can reoute
  mails more easily. The corrent records prevents us from relaying mails through
  another server temporarily.
* to be consistent with our advice to use ``.uber.space`` domains for mail,
  ``user.host.uberspace.de`` is now no longer part of ``mail domain list``.
* ``uberspace mail domain add`` now explains that the trailing dot in MX records
  is correct, but not necessary or possible to enter in many DNS interfaces.
* rspamd's ``FORGED_RECIPIENTS`` test now adds fewer points to the spam score
  to counter many reported false-positive.

Fixed
-----

* RAM limits for users were not applying consistently, leading to outages in the
  recent past. We now apply the limits ourselves instead of relying on systemd,
  increasing stability in the future.
* Sometimes systemd failed the reload nginx, leading to new domains not being
  available. We now use the nginx tooling directly instead of relying on
  systemd's ``$MAINPID`` variable, hopefully fixing this.
* MySQLs temporary files are now written to SSDs on all hosts, increasing
  performance for big queries that don't fit into RAM.

Internal
--------

* there is a dummy ``uberspace-letsencrypt-renew`` script, which does not thing.
  Many U6 users leave their let's encrypt cronjob in place, even though U7 does
  not need one. The resulting cron error mails confuse users, which increases
  our support volume. The dummy script automates those cases.
* we rewrote the playbook, which updates MariaDB, enabling updates to 10.4 and
  10.5 in the future.
* some hosts have additional SSD devices for yum, rpm and the systemd journal.
  Since we are moving all hosts to SSDs, these are not necessary anymore. We
  wrote a playbook to remove them in the future, making all hosts consistent
  again.
* we now detect and automatically ban more mining tools.
* MySQL backups now only happen for databases, which changed since the last
  backup. This reduces the system load at night and further increases storage
  performance and stability.
