Added
-----

- Added `fzf <https://github.com/junegunn/fzf>`_.
- Added `fd <https://github.com/sharkdp/fd>`_.
- Added `XeTeX <http://xetex.sourceforge.net/>`_.
- The ``pear`` binary for **PHP** is now exposed, based on your selected version.

Changed
-------

- We now expose envelope ``recipient`` and ``sender`` to **Sieve**.

- We now grant you direct access to your **PHP FPM** socket at ``/run/php-fpm-{username}.sock`` (e.g. so you can use it from your own proxy).

- We now link your *userfacts* (i.e. your asteroid specific settings) to ``~/etc/userfacts`` for easier access.

- We now link your *Nginx* configuration to ``/readonly/<username>/nginx.conf`` for easier access.

- We now link your *Apache httpd* configuration to ``/readonly/<username>/httpd.conf`` for easier access.

- We now show you the path to the affected log file, when you use ``uberspace web log ...``.

- The info page for *disabled accounts* now shows a link to the dashboard.

- The info page shown for *unknown domains* (shown when you point a domain to the host, but you missed setting it with ``uberspace web domain add ...``), now mentions the hostname.

- We now also show the page for an *unknown domain*, when a non empty path is requested (before this would result in a 404).

Removed
-------

- We removed **NodeJS** ``10`` (in was already deprecated in the `last release <./2021-08-19_7.11.4>`_).

Fixed
-----

- In `7.11.4 <./2021-08-19_7.11.4>`_ we added our self compiled **Python** ``3.9`` to the ``$CPATH``. The way we handled it added the current directory (i.e. ``.``) too, when `$CPATH` was empty. That could lead to all kinds of problems when compiling and is now fixed.
