Added
-----

- We added a rate limit of *10 requests/sec* for two common **Wordpress** paths:
  ``~.*/wp-login.php`` and ``~.*/xmlrpc.php``. These are (*for now*) based on
  ``$server_name`` only. (This was already rolled out via hotfix some weeks ago)

- We now use a a stricter rate limit of *30 requests/min* for these request. This
  is subject to ongoing tweaking and will probably be reduced further in the
  future (and based also on IP).

- We now accept strict TLS connections for SMTP relaying on port ``465``.

- Added `Erlang <https://www.erlang.org/>`_ OTP ``24`` (along with recent
  versions for ``21``, ``22``, ``23``).

- `Elixir <https://elixir-lang.org/>`_ was updated too, for the OTP version
  mentioned above.

- The ``npx`` binary for **Node.js** is now exposed, based on your selected
  version.

- The ``php-config`` binary for **PHP** is now exposed, based on your selected
  version.

Changed
-------

- We now limit the number of recipients for SMTP relaying to 100.

- We now actually limit the max size for mails to 25 MB. (This is stated in our
  `community rules <https://uberspace.de/about/houserules/>`_ for a long time,
  but we had not yet enforced it on U7)

- The ``uberspace mail domain list`` command now displays ``DNS INVALID`` next
  to unverified mail domains (along with the time of the last check). While
  the tool responsible for checking runs around every 30 seconds, failed MX checks
  will be retried at most every 3 minutes.

- We now rotate ``/var/log/wtmp`` daily (default was by size), and set the
  retention period to 7 days.

- We now delete TLS certificates now immediately after removal of domains / accounts
  (before they where *"garbage collected"* eventually).

- We increased some Pigeonhole settings for **Sieve**: ``sieve_max_redirects``
  (up to 20 form 4) and ``sieve_max_actions`` (up to 64 form 32).

- `nano <https://www.nano-editor.org/>`_ is now the default editor set by shell
  profile via ``$EDITOR`` and ``$VISUAL``.

- ``/opt/nginx/conf/mime.types`` is now world-readable (i.e. you can include
  it in your own settings).

Removed
-------

- Removed **Python** ``3.4`` and ``3.5``.

- Deprecated **Node.js** ``v10``. Will be removed soon.

Fixed
-----

- **PHP** now uses a per-user session save path
  (``/var/lib/php-sessions/{{account}}/``) to allow garbage collection. Before
  this change, garbage collection failed because of missing permissions.

- We added our self compiled **Python** ``3.9`` to the ``$CPATH`` via shell
  profile. So you no longer have to do that manually before installing
  compiled packages (e.g. ``uwsgi``).
